Feature: GitHub PR template (#4)
mangrove-lang/mangrove: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guidelines

## Contributing

> Contributions to this project are done under the BSD-3-Clause. Please use this license for any new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions to this project are done under the [BSD 3-Clause License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/bsd-3-clause/). Please use this license for any new
```

files and mark that file with a SPDX license notice at the top of the file as in:

```c++
// SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
```

> Where this is missing from the top of a file please add it in its own commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever this is missing from the file header, please add the line in its own commit.
```

3. Make your change
4. Push to your fork (`git push -u`)
5. Submit a [pull request](https://github.com/mangrove-lang/mangrove/compare)

If you wish to fix a bug, `type` in the new branch name should be `fix`, otherwise if you wish to implement
a new feature, `type` should be `feature`.

### If you are working from an existing clone of the repository

1. Ensure you have our repo as a remote (`git remote add upstream https://github.com/mangrove-lang/mangrove`)
2. Switch back to `main` (`git switch main`/`git checkout main`)
3. Pull to ensure you're up to date (`git pull upstream`)
4. Push to your fork (`git push`)
5. Continue at 2. [in the steps for first time](#if-contributing-for-the-first-time)

Additionally, please write good and descriptive commit messages that both summarise the change and,
if necessary, expand on the summary using description lines.
"More AST types" is, while terse and correct, an example of a bad commit message.
"bootstrap/ast: Implemented an AST type for template scopes" is an example of a better commit message.

When writing commit messages, please prefix the component being modified by taking the path to the component

> relative to the directory of your working copy, and chopping off the `src/` component, then appending a ":" after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relative to the directory of your working copy, chopping off the `src/` component, then appending a ":" after.
```

Examples of this are:

* "src/bootstrap/mangrove.cxx" -> "bootstrap: "
* "src/bootstrap/ast/symbolTable.cxx" -> "bootstrap/ast: "
* "src/bootstrap/formats/elf/elf.cxx" -> "bootstrap/formats/elf: "

If the file is not in the src/ directory then either supply a purpose (eg "linting: ", "github: "),
or use the tag "misc: " for the commit

> We would like to be able to look back throguh the commit history and tell what happened, when, and why without having

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would like to be able to look back through the commit history and tell what happened, when, and why without having
```

> to dip into the commit descriptions as this improves the general Git experience and improves everyone's lives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to dig into the commit descriptions as this improves the general Git experience and everyone's lives.
```

> Try to keep commits focused on a single small and atomic change to ease review, and aid the process if we end up having

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try to keep commits focused on a single, small, atomic change to ease review, and aid the process if we end up having
```

to `git bisect` through your changes, or `git revert` in the extreme case something seriously broke.

We use rebasing to merge pull requests, so please keep this in mind.

## Licensing

> As mentioned at the top of this file, contributions made to this code base must be made under the terms of the BSD-3-Clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned at the top of this file, contributions made to this code base must be made under the terms of the BSD-3-Clause License.
```

When contributing to existing code, we ask that you update the copyright and authorship notice at the top of the files touched

> with any authorship information you wish to provide in SPDX format. This is so you get proper attribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with any authorship information you wish to provide in SPDX format. This is so that you get proper attribution.
```

> When making an original contribution, copyright by default falls to you however if you wish to hand over copyright then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making an original contribution, copyright by default falls to you. However, if you wish to hand copyright over, then
```
